This app creates a literal (actual, palpable) barrier against specific kinds of demonic activity that only occur during sleep (such as demon-induced nightmares) by interfering with two requisite mental aspects: focus and concentration. In order to affect a tangible presence of consequence in any non-native realm, a demon must first narrow his thoughts to a single intention and then maintain perfect concentration until it manifests. The effort is the same as focusing on the part of a single musical instrument while an entire orchestra plays, and then singing to and listening to it to the exclusion of all other instruments until the symphony ends.

Regardless of whether a given instrument is the same as or different from other instruments, it is distinguishable by the differences between the notes played and/or their relative sound characteristics.

The random tones generated by this app obfuscate these distinctions in the mind of the demon, in a way analogous to an instrument that produced an identical sound and played the same notes, albeit in random order and to an unpredictable beat. Two sine waves with different random frequencies between 300 and 4000 Hz are played consecutively between 0.25 and 1.25 seconds for a total 2 seconds combined are known to be completely effective for ambient demonic activity.

Although any activity by demons outside their native realm requires the same focus and concentration to some degree, this app could conceivably protect against all of it. The determining factor of the effectiveness and feasibility of a tone barrier is proper deployment (i.e., location, specifically, proximity and positioning), which based on a complete knowledge of the fundamental aspects and dynamics of the type of activity it targets and the limitations inherited by all demons occupying a non-native realm.

The cacophony of the tone barrier’s cadence created by this app was determined to be completely effective against its targeted activity using a single iPhone at full volume throughout an entire sleep cycle within range of a demon’s hearing, and positioned along their path.

Locating a demon at any given site is the only challenging factor, but the possibilities can be narrowed and otherwise readily ascertained by these three keys facts:

(REVISED: It is not necessary to locate an offending demon(s) when using the two-prong deployment scenario described by the UPDATE at the end of this note.)

(1) close proximity to the target-sleeper is necessary to perform the target activity (usually within the same room or adjacent);

(2) the presence of demons in a non-native realm is only made possible by occupying space from their native realm, which pockets or pools or is otherwise contained in small, enclosed or ensconced structures (e.g., a closet, small bathroom, chimney fireplace, cabinets, drawers, dishwashers, garbage disposals, drains, sewers, washers and dryers, ovens, range hoods, bathtubs/showers, etc.); and,

(3) the species of demon involved in the targeted activity is comparable in size and shape to h. Sapiens (human).

In sum, the position of the iPhone can be logically strategized by the placing the iPhone in any structure known to contain native demon space sufficient for occupation of a humanoid-sized demon nearest occupied sleeping quarters.

WARNING: At close range, an iPhone XS Max produced sounds measuring 82 decibles (a level of sound known to cause permanent hearing loss after long-term, repeated exposure). Do not position your device near your ears. Also, to avoid overheating, play the tone barrier from a desktop Mac using an iOS device simulator.

UPDATE: Playing the tone barrier with EarPods at no more than two-thirds volume provides 100% protection against "night terrors." Playing the tone barrier with both a desktop Mac and EarPods stops not only night terrors, but most of the "staging" that demons perform prior to inducing the night-terror event.
